[OSDOCS#16961]: AUTH-3: Roles, Security Contexts, and Access Policies-CQA-1 (#115746)
openshift/openshift-docs: authentication/understanding-authentication.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> To interact with an {product-title} cluster, you must first authenticate as a user or group through the OAuth server, then the cluster checks whether you are authorized to perform the requested action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To interact with an {product-title} cluster, you must first authenticate as a user or group through the OAuth server. The cluster can then check whether you are authorized to perform the requested action.
```

Reviewer: I think your version is not matching the original intent as it does not mention the authorization layer. Maybe:

> To interact with {product-title}, log in so the authentication layer can verify your identity. The authorization layer then uses your identity to determine which actions and resources you can access.

include::modules/authentication-prometheus-system-metrics.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

endif::[]

[role="_additional-resources"]
== Additional resources

> * link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#user-impersonation[User impersonation]

Reviewer: I think this section can be removed as I already see the link in the same doc: 

<img width="1100" height="338" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/07462d82-aa98-467d-b0f2-4e163b7642ea" />

If the link applies to a section, keep the link under that section. If the link applies to all more than one section, consider keeping the link in it's own section at the end of the book.
